are you tired of high tech spades
that don't fit in one pocket
but with this modern world without
phone can not walk with nokii 11
20 and how is the sea ​​there hi there
online store photos I'm Julia and today I
present to you little telefonchik
straight yet not lg smartphones
in which despite their compact
the size
managed to put everything you need
modern man from a smartphone
This phone differs from it only
the presence of sim cards here she is one of 10 2
Well , the appearance of course just with
him let's start first eyes
rushes compact devices such
smartphones do not stick out of pocket
the metro does not attract too much attention
screen with a tiny diagonal of 32 inches
and very very childlike resolution of 240 on
320 points may not be quite familiar
for convenience and moreover they are covered
plastic which is quickly going
Arab women and to be honest with them
size you get used to quickly hide
nothing in the second external telefonchiki
differs one family turned out more
angular and artsy cover
polished under polished metal but
figushies there this plastic though
Solid but plastic, no backlash, but
in the assembly did not notice there are two sensory
backlit buttons and one mechanical
cheerful multi-colored led-backlit
we have been lucky lately
rainbow indication of events depending
from the action or event the iris glows
different colors and it can not
cause affection dvuhsimnik turned out
quite a circle deep and outwardly it seems
baby but it's all an optical illusion
we got a blondhead although there are
other colors of course here plastic not
encrypted on the back he is drawn under 100
but we forgive him because
cool to the touch
dvuhsimnik a4 touch keys back
main menu and switch sims as
I'm not very comfortable to perform first
on steam you can stick for not
switch cards and second
random touches can also happen
all on this distinction finish
working principle of two sim cards on this
The phone is extremely simple because
standby mode here
vacation card available but if you
already talking on 1 this 2 will be a pose
in the access zone 6 connect the Internet and
Any other prikalyukh can on any
SIM card changer and will continue to review
from local domestic to chips do not think
what if this is an update of the old model then
you will have to be content with android
by .
no android 4 1 + proprietary shell
optimus 30 here is what happiness you will
only available that you can not
on this phone open the app in
joint window mode as it happens on
other optimus ah but here's all the rest
privileges to your feet iron
the component of these skis was not for
gamers like this news but this
will be more than enough for gatherings in
Online reading of the morning news and
even run two-dimensional games if you
still wanted to play anything
except Babu Brik of course better gatherings
install new player because
that the staff did not want to show the video
no
by the way, remember about the screen resolution
and don't even try running here
video login permission will be
Henri region and yes another phone does not
supports mp4 format and then all these
imperfections and overlapping results
battery operation because in practice
with maximum load maximum
brightness you get 6 hours autonomous
work
reduce brightness prolong life with
march everyday life dvuhsimnik i
Charged for 1 35 days
and odnosimochny on the phone and in general
almost enough for the week I repeat
the secret lies in the fact that it is very small
the screen does not want to go on the social network and
battery
it is almost an eternity so that I
love to sit down for an hour of conversation on
I always keep the phone on
not to get lost and of course exito
but do not forget about the camera because
what it is and what I get off as much as 3
megapixels a few years ago this
it seemed to be the ultimate dream but
about times about morals in the modern world 3
megapixels are practically not what I already
I see you people on the other side of the screen
frowns and frowns but me all
I still need to add that she doesn’t have
autofocus and not flash despite this
she tries to limit her
opportunities even know how to shoot video but
I still did not expect much
the sound was louder than expected and at least
this is not something supernatural but
quite acceptable when you go to the subway
use smart as a player
feel free to get drunk with it
any headphones plus plus the same
has a number of audio effects to
improve sound
I assume that such a smartphone will do
as an old phone in addition
to if you go somewhere where you don't need
camera phone internet shovel for example in
village there dig potatoes or on
fishing or as the main
phone if you look like my aunt
which internet availability in the phone
annoying she never uses it
on the phone she always needs
for messages for calls and for not
primitive games testing as usual
phones of this kind I advise us
everybody remember those few
cons that we are in this phone
found it a little weak screen
camera lack of light sensor and
close your eyes to it because for 850 and
950 hryvnia you will be stylish
beautiful compact tube which has
there is internet communication
toys are even possible 2 sim cards and
before you come off your place
monitors run to the store i'm talking
until you put the Huskies and do not forget
that your choice is always yours